samples: wifi: provisioning: Add enterprise security support (#23552)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/wifi_prov_core.rst

> .. _lib_wifi_prov_core:

Reviewer: I suggest to keep both the labels to resolve doc build issue.

Reviewer 2: oh I just pushed the changes to replace this even in older changelogs.

> Wi-Fi Provisioning Core Library
> ###############################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wi-Fi Provisioning Core
#######################
```

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

This library implements the core Wi-Fi® provisioning functionality that is transport-agnostic.

> It provides the protocol implementation, message handling, and configuration management for Wi-Fi provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It provides protocol implementation, message handling, and configuration management for Wi-Fi provisioning.
```

> The core library is designed to work with various transport layers (Bluetooth® LE, USB, UART, and so on.) through a defined transport interface.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The core library is designed to work with various transport layers (For example, Bluetooth® LE, USB, UART) through a defined transport interface.
```
To fix the error from vale doc linter.

> The core library is designed to work with various transport layers (BLE, USB, UART, etc.) through a defined transport interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The core library is designed to work with various transport layers (Bluetooth® LE, USB, UART, etc.) through a defined transport interface.
```

Overview
********

The core library is responsible for:

> * Protocol implementation: Implements the Wi-Fi provisioning protocol using Protocol Buffers
> * Message handling: Processes Request messages and generates Response/Result messages
> * Configuration management: Manages Wi-Fi configurations in RAM and flash
> * Transport interface: Provides weak transport functions that can be overridden by transport layers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Protocol implementation: Implements the Wi-Fi provisioning protocol using Protocol Buffers.
* Message handling: Processes Request messages and generates Response and Result messages.
* Configuration management: Manages Wi-Fi configurations in RAM and flash memory.
* Transport interface: Provides weak transport functions that can be overridden by transport layers.
```

When the connection state changes or an attempt fails, the target will set up a ``Result`` message, and the ``state`` field indicates the current state of the Wi-Fi, and the ``reason`` field indicates the failure reason.

> Transport Interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transport interface
```

*******************

The core library provides a transport-agnostic interface through weak functions that can be overridden by transport layers:

> * ``wifi_prov_send_rsp()``: Sends Response messages to the transport layer

Reviewer: If this function can be linked then write like-:c:func:`wifi_prov_send_rsp()`.

* ``wifi_prov_send_result()``: Sends Result messages to the transport layer

> Transport layers must implement these functions to handle the actual message transmission (for example, BLE indications/notifications, USB transfers, UART transmissions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transport layers must implement these functions to handle the actual message transmission (for example, Bluetooth LE indications and notifications, USB transfers, UART transmissions).
```

You can save the configuration in flash or RAM during provisioning.

Dependencies
************

The core library depends on:

> * nanopb for protobuf message handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* nanopb for protobuf message handling.
```

> * Wi-Fi credentials library for configuration management

Reviewer: Please add a link.
```suggestion
* Wi-Fi credentials library for configuration management.
```

> * Wi-Fi management interface for network operations
> * Zephyr kernel and networking stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Wi-Fi management interface for network operations.
* Zephyr kernel and networking stack.
```

> * Wi-Fi management interface for network operations (:ref:`lib_wifi_mgmt`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Wi-Fi management interface for network operations (:ref:`wifi_mgmt`).
```
